RHDEVDOCS-3419 - Document support for Alertmanager routing CRD for user-defined projects (#41132)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/monitoring-understanding-alert-routing-for-user-defined-projects.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * monitoring/enabling-alert-routing-for-user-defined-projects.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="understanding-alert-routing-for-user-defined-projects_{context}"]
= Understanding alert routing for user-defined projects

[role="_abstract"]

> As a cluster administrator, you can enable alert routing for user-defined projects. After doing so, you can allow users to configure alert routing for their user-defined projects. Users can then create and configure user-defined alert routing by editing the `AlertmanagerConfig` CRD.

Reviewer: Technically you're not "editing the AlertmanagerConfig CRD" but rather "editing AlertmanagerConfig objects".

```suggestion
As a cluster administrator, you can enable alert routing for user-defined projects. After doing so, you can allow users to configure alert routing for their user-defined projects. Users can then create and configure user-defined alert routing by creating/editing `AlertmanagerConfig` objects.
```

Author: Fixed
